Now you've already seen one of the
cd shortcuts.
You've seen cd ~, which takes you back
to the home directory.
I can also use cd -
and what cd - does is take me back
to the directory I was in a moment ago.
So, in this previous line, I was in the blog directory,
and I typed in, I went up into the parent directory,
into draughts.
If I type in cd -, I go back into the blog directory.
And equally, I can use that again
to back to the draughts.
Now, this is handy for
jumping back and forth between directories
when I'm making copy changes here and there.
Maybe I want to count the number of blog posts I have,
and then I want to count the number of draughts I have.
So, we can do that,
ls and then I count all those.
And then I cd back, and I do an ls
and I count all those.
I'll show you how to count and mix commands together
in a later video.